Changelog for 8.17.6 version (#8062)
elastic/elastic-agent: changelog/8.17.6.asciidoc

// begin 8.17.6 relnotes

[[release-notes-8.17.6]]
==  8.17.6

Review important information about the  8.17.6 release.

> 
> 
> 
> 
> 
> 
> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Too much whitespace I think

[discrete]
[[new-features-8.17.6]]
=== New features

The 8.17.6 release adds the following new and notable features.

elastic-agent::

> * Set Collectors Fullnameoverride For Edot Kube-Stack Values. {elastic-agent-pull}https://github.com/elastic/elastic-agent/pull/7754[#https://github.com/elastic/elastic-agent/pull/7754] {elastic-agent-issue}https://github.com/elastic/elastic-agent/issues/7381[#https://github.com/elastic/elastic-agent/issues/7381]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Use `fullnameOverride` to set the fully qualified application names in the EDOT Kube-Stack Helm chart. {elastic-agent-pull}https://github.com/elastic/elastic-agent/pull/7754[#https://github.com/elastic/elastic-agent/pull/7754] {elastic-agent-issue}https://github.com/elastic/elastic-agent/issues/7381[#https://github.com/elastic/elastic-agent/issues/7381]
```

I had to read the linked issue and PR and then do some additional searching to figure out what this actually did.

Reviewer 2: I add this change into the docs PR https://github.com/elastic/ingest-docs/pull/1789
